import{_ as a,c as i,o as l,ag as t}from"./chunks/framework.BRQrZDXk.js";const m=JSON.parse('{"title":"Meeting Minutes by Year","description":"","frontmatter":{},"headers":[],"relativePath":"1_Everyone/Open-Library-Community-Call-Minutes.md","filePath":"1_Everyone/Open-Library-Community-Call-Minutes.md"}'),o={name:"1_Everyone/Open-Library-Community-Call-Minutes.md"};function r(n,e,s,h,d,u){return l(),i("div",null,e[0]||(e[0]=[t('<p>Open Library hosts a weekly <a href="https://github.com/internetarchive/openlibrary/wiki/Community-Call" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">Community Call</a>. This document tracks of the minutes/notes.</p><p>See also: <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KJr3A81Gew7nfuyo9PnCLCjNBDs5c7iR4loOGm1Pafs/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">Important Open Library Documents</a></p><h1 id="meeting-minutes-by-year" tabindex="-1">Meeting Minutes by Year <a class="header-anchor" href="#meeting-minutes-by-year" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Meeting Minutes by Year&quot;">​</a></h1><ul><li><a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/15c7v9l30rIPmFG_Vq753Jfv5hWiP5uNidGsRM3ZItWg/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">2025</a></li><li><a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/11jMuWxaGClzK29VCK-ZhxFfk2737c3VynI-LJiraCJo/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">2024</a></li><li><a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1joLJzuY3YM1g6nZZSaqqM35DC_CVLbiOG9vhj21UKmw/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">2023</a></li><li><a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LEbzsLZ1F9_YIQOoZzO7GoZnG1z-rudhZ9HNtsameTc/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">2022</a></li><li><a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YXh4SvaY9kyI-IIYnVQPDQIeDHoDcvvqvyHfkkTfPX8/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">2021</a></li><li><a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FEG-bdOTsi8Q3IHgFboL_LZImN18Q4wsWWWtlV8RgKk/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">2020</a></li><li><a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/16eAABOSLrmCbOkRbwVXzis2x4dz2gEQWJsXK-crDCqg/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">2019</a></li><li>2018-2017 - See below</li></ul><hr><h1 id="table-of-contents" tabindex="-1">Table of Contents <a class="header-anchor" href="#table-of-contents" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Table of Contents&quot;">​</a></h1><h2 id="minutes-for-2019" tabindex="-1">Minutes for 2019 <a class="header-anchor" href="#minutes-for-2019" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Minutes for 2019&quot;">​</a></h2><ul><li><a href="#2019-01-22-community-call">2019-01-22 Community Call</a></li></ul><h2 id="minutes-for-2018" tabindex="-1">Minutes for 2018 <a class="header-anchor" href="#minutes-for-2018" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Minutes for 2018&quot;">​</a></h2><ul><li><a href="#2018-05-15-community-call">2018-05-15 Community Call</a></li><li><a href="#2018-05-01-community-call">2018-05-01 Community Call</a></li><li><a href="#2018-04-17-community-call">2018-04-17 Community Call</a></li><li><a href="#2018-04-10-community-call">2018-04-10 Community Call</a></li><li><a href="#2018-04-03-community-call">2018-04-03 Community Call</a></li><li><a href="#2018-03-20-community-call">2018-03-20 Community Call</a></li><li><a href="#2018-03-13-community-call">2018-03-13 Community Call</a></li></ul><h2 id="minutes-for-2017" tabindex="-1">Minutes for 2017 <a class="header-anchor" href="#minutes-for-2017" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Minutes for 2017&quot;">​</a></h2><ul><li><a href="#2017-10-03-community-call">2017-10-03 Community Call</a></li><li><a href="#2017-09-26-community-call">2017-09-26 Community Call</a></li><li><a href="#2017-09-12-community-call">2017-09-12 Community Call</a></li><li><a href="#2017-08-29-community-call">2017-08-29 Community Call</a></li><li><a href="#2017-05-16-community-call">2017-05-16 Community Call</a></li><li><a href="#2017-05-02-community-call">2017-05-02 Community Call</a></li><li><a href="#2017-04-18-community-call">2017-04-18 Community Call</a></li><li><a href="#2017-04-11-community-call">2017-04-11 Community Call</a></li><li><a href="#2017-04-04-community-call">2017-04-04 Community Call</a></li><li><a href="#2017-03-28-community-call">2017-03-28 Community Call</a></li><li><a href="#2017-03-21-community-call">2017-03-21 Community Call</a></li><li><a href="#2017-03-15-community-call">2017-03-15 Community Call</a></li><li><a href="#2017-03-08-community-call">2017-03-08 Community Call</a></li></ul><h1 id="minutes-for-2019-1" tabindex="-1">Minutes for 2019 <a class="header-anchor" href="#minutes-for-2019-1" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Minutes for 2019&quot;">​</a></h1><h2 id="_2019-01-22-community-call" tabindex="-1">2019-01-22 community call <a class="header-anchor" href="#_2019-01-22-community-call" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;2019-01-22 community call&quot;">​</a></h2><ul><li>search re-indexing</li><li>amazon isbn api</li><li>IA/OL sync and orphaned works</li><li>design status (v2, next steps)</li><li>python3 next steps? infogami?</li><li>fixing search results page + subjects page</li></ul><h1 id="minutes-for-2018-1" tabindex="-1">Minutes for 2018 <a class="header-anchor" href="#minutes-for-2018-1" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Minutes for 2018&quot;">​</a></h1><h2 id="_2018-08-21" tabindex="-1">2018-08-21 <a class="header-anchor" href="#_2018-08-21" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;2018-08-21&quot;">​</a></h2><h3 id="docker" tabindex="-1">Docker <a class="header-anchor" href="#docker" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Docker&quot;">​</a></h3><h4 id="fixes" tabindex="-1">Fixes <a class="header-anchor" href="#fixes" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Fixes&quot;">​</a></h4><p>@hornc fixed psql shut down issue (was causing lot of time)</p><h4 id="existing-issues" tabindex="-1">Existing Issues <a class="header-anchor" href="#existing-issues" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Existing Issues&quot;">​</a></h4><p>symlinks on windows causing a problem</p><h4 id="next-steps" tabindex="-1">Next Steps <a class="header-anchor" href="#next-steps" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Next Steps&quot;">​</a></h4><p>@cdrini docker-compose for solr</p><h3 id="upc-bookcover-lookup-api" tabindex="-1">UPC / Bookcover Lookup API <a class="header-anchor" href="#upc-bookcover-lookup-api" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;UPC / Bookcover Lookup API&quot;">​</a></h3><p>nealk</p><h2 id="_2018-05-15-community-call" tabindex="-1">2018-05-15 Community Call <a class="header-anchor" href="#_2018-05-15-community-call" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;2018-05-15 Community Call&quot;">​</a></h2><h3 id="attendees" tabindex="-1">Attendees <a class="header-anchor" href="#attendees" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Attendees&quot;">​</a></h3><ul><li>Salman</li><li>Drini</li><li>Tabish</li><li>Mek</li><li>Charles</li><li>num170r</li></ul><h2 id="this-week" tabindex="-1">This Week <a class="header-anchor" href="#this-week" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;This Week&quot;">​</a></h2><ul><li><p>Salman: OL client familiarity , import records, starting with wishlist import Bots repo; adding bots (NYT bot). Readme. etc. Pending PR for python3 to Catharbot.</p></li><li><p>Drini: Goodreads, Shelfari books, Goodreads Work Edition modelling and diagram -- pros and cons of approaches.</p></li><li><p>Tabish, planning to work on social share of reading, looking for small issues to pick up Salman metions Recaptca issue as a possibility to work on.</p></li><li><p>Mek: Creating steps required to (a) create canonical books pages (b) breaking down <code>wishlist</code> import</p></li><li><p>Charles: PR update for merge authors undo fix, Modern Greek translation branch. FRBR modelling (Drini confirmed with example of one ISBN with many covers)</p></li></ul><h2 id="todo" tabindex="-1">Todo: <a class="header-anchor" href="#todo" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Todo:&quot;">​</a></h2><ul><li>Charles - Intro to FRBR for OL on the wiki</li></ul><h2 id="next-week" tabindex="-1">Next week: <a class="header-anchor" href="#next-week" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Next week:&quot;">​</a></h2><ul><li>Review roadmap and tasks in Project wiki.</li></ul><h2 id="_2018-05-01-community-call" tabindex="-1">2018-05-01 Community Call <a class="header-anchor" href="#_2018-05-01-community-call" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;2018-05-01 Community Call&quot;">​</a></h2><h3 id="attendees-1" tabindex="-1">Attendees <a class="header-anchor" href="#attendees-1" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Attendees&quot;">​</a></h3><ul><li>Galen</li><li>Tom</li><li>Tabish</li><li>Mek</li></ul><h2 id="wins" tabindex="-1">Wins <a class="header-anchor" href="#wins" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Wins&quot;">​</a></h2><ul><li>@Tabish got his first PR accepted to fix vagrant (npm ssl)! #942</li><li>@Galen Mancino + @mek launched <code>embed</code> feature; #698 #937 #932</li><li>@salman-bhai will be this summer&#39;s GSoC champion!</li></ul><h2 id="todo-1" tabindex="-1">Todo <a class="header-anchor" href="#todo-1" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Todo&quot;">​</a></h2><ul><li>@brenton to review <code>embed</code> feature blog post</li><li>@tfmorris is investigating multi-cores for solr (so we can test + merge @cdrini&#39;s <code>solr</code></li><li>@abezella, any recommendations on how #openlibrary-g may setup a 2ndary <code>solr</code> for testing migrations?</li><li>@mek + @Tabish investigating <a href="https://github.com/internetarchive/openlibrary/issues/925" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">https://github.com/internetarchive/openlibrary/issues/925</a></li><li>@salman-bhai can we share your roadmap with the community? @Tabish would love to team w/ you on Ansible, Vagrant, Xenial upgrade!</li><li>@mek finishing <code>openlibrary.php</code> bridge + corresponding <code>openlibrary</code> changes -- this will allow developer vagrant to connect to fake/mocked lending endpoint</li><li>@Tabish working on fb + twitter graph metadata for the Reading Log page(s)</li><li>@Galen Mancino + @mek to discuss next steps: -- <code>add a book</code> (choose identifier first, fetch data accordingly? include upload -&gt; IA?)</li><li>@mek to draft ol wiki page to organize notes around <code>canonical book page</code></li><li>@mek to fix OL -&gt; IA activation to redirect to Open Library login (using @jnelson&#39;s updates to xauth) #accessible-epub-g #834</li><li>@mek to fix <code>works</code> page to rm <code>loan_status</code> and use <code>availability v2</code> #844</li></ul><h2 id="to-be-discussed" tabindex="-1">To Be Discussed <a class="header-anchor" href="#to-be-discussed" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;To Be Discussed&quot;">​</a></h2><ul><li>How can we get cover service running in developer vagrant?</li><li>Next steps for canonical books page</li><li>Prereqs for @cdrini&#39;s code (i.e. re-indexing solr against updated schema) so we can push it live!</li><li>Upcoming blog-posts?</li></ul><h2 id="_2018-04-17-community-call" tabindex="-1">2018-04-17 Community Call <a class="header-anchor" href="#_2018-04-17-community-call" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;2018-04-17 Community Call&quot;">​</a></h2><h3 id="attendees-2" tabindex="-1">Attendees <a class="header-anchor" href="#attendees-2" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Attendees&quot;">​</a></h3><ul><li>Drini</li><li>Tabish</li><li>Neal</li><li>Tom</li><li>Galen</li><li>Mek</li></ul><h2 id="agenda" tabindex="-1">Agenda <a class="header-anchor" href="#agenda" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Agenda&quot;">​</a></h2><ul><li>Updates &amp; wins in the past one week</li><li>Open Pull Requests? (none this week)</li><li>What are we working on this week</li><li>Special topic(s): <ul><li>This week: 2020 openlibraries Wishlist</li><li>Next week: Merging endpoint &amp; Writing Bots</li><li>Next next week: Canonical Books Page</li></ul></li></ul><h3 id="updates" tabindex="-1">Updates <a class="header-anchor" href="#updates" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Updates&quot;">​</a></h3><ul><li>openlibrary.php updated within petabox into production + developer modes to allow mocking of lending from within OpenLibrary</li><li>Updated <a href="https://github.com/internetarchive/openlibrary/wiki/Writing-Bots" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">https://github.com/internetarchive/openlibrary/wiki/Writing-Bots</a> page</li></ul><h2 id="_2018-04-10-community-call" tabindex="-1">2018-04-10 Community Call <a class="header-anchor" href="#_2018-04-10-community-call" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;2018-04-10 Community Call&quot;">​</a></h2><h3 id="attendees-3" tabindex="-1">Attendees <a class="header-anchor" href="#attendees-3" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Attendees&quot;">​</a></h3><ul><li>Mek</li><li>Charles</li><li>Galen</li><li>Salman</li></ul><h3 id="agenda-1" tabindex="-1">Agenda <a class="header-anchor" href="#agenda-1" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Agenda&quot;">​</a></h3><ul><li>Updates &amp; wins in the past one week</li><li>Open Pull Requests? (none this week)</li><li>What are we working on this week</li><li>Discussion about Galen&#39;s work</li></ul><h3 id="this-week-1" tabindex="-1">This Week <a class="header-anchor" href="#this-week-1" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;This Week&quot;">​</a></h3><ul><li>Salman <ul><li>Working on updating the README and deprecating code.openlibrary.org</li><li>Starting the Open Library Bots and start with having a simple bot which taken in ONIX or MARC feeds and imports it into the Open Library System.</li></ul></li></ul><h2 id="_2018-04-03-community-call" tabindex="-1">2018-04-03 Community Call <a class="header-anchor" href="#_2018-04-03-community-call" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;2018-04-03 Community Call&quot;">​</a></h2><h3 id="attendees-4" tabindex="-1">Attendees <a class="header-anchor" href="#attendees-4" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Attendees&quot;">​</a></h3><ul><li>Mek</li><li>Charles</li></ul><h3 id="agenda-2" tabindex="-1">Agenda <a class="header-anchor" href="#agenda-2" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Agenda&quot;">​</a></h3><ul><li>Updates &amp; wins this week</li><li>I like, I wish</li><li>Open Pull Requests? (none this week)</li><li>What are we working on this week</li></ul><h2 id="_2018-03-20-community-call" tabindex="-1">2018-03-20 Community Call <a class="header-anchor" href="#_2018-03-20-community-call" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;2018-03-20 Community Call&quot;">​</a></h2><h3 id="attendees-5" tabindex="-1">Attendees <a class="header-anchor" href="#attendees-5" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Attendees&quot;">​</a></h3><ul><li>Mek</li><li>Salman</li><li>Charles</li></ul><h3 id="agenda-3" tabindex="-1">Agenda <a class="header-anchor" href="#agenda-3" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Agenda&quot;">​</a></h3><ul><li>Updates &amp; wins this week (what did we work on + discuss last week) <ul><li>Internal stakeholder&#39;s Q2 meeting</li></ul></li><li>Open Pull Requests <ul><li>None this week</li></ul></li><li><strong>Triage</strong> Blockers &amp; Major bugs <ul><li>@charles will need some solr logs soon</li><li><a href="https://github.com/internetarchive/openlibrary/issues/844" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">https://github.com/internetarchive/openlibrary/issues/844</a> -- Slow loading works (loanstatus) @mek</li></ul></li><li>What we&#39;re working on <strong>this week</strong><ul><li><a href="https://github.com/internetarchive/openlibrary/issues/869" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">https://github.com/internetarchive/openlibrary/issues/869</a> -- Importing OL Wishlist w/ jude coelho @mek</li></ul></li></ul><h3 id="triage" tabindex="-1">Triage <a class="header-anchor" href="#triage" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Triage&quot;">​</a></h3><ul><li>went through remaining Q1 board and closed issues</li></ul><h3 id="this-week-2" tabindex="-1">This Week <a class="header-anchor" href="#this-week-2" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;This Week&quot;">​</a></h3><ul><li>Salman <ul><li>Hindi internationalization</li><li>Updating the internationalization (i18n) wiki as he does this</li><li>Investigating writing an ONIX parser and using the openlibrary-client: github.com/internetarchive/openlibrary/issues/865</li></ul></li><li>Charles <ul><li><a href="https://github.com/internetarchive/openlibrary/issues/628" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">https://github.com/internetarchive/openlibrary/issues/628</a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/internetarchive/openlibrary/issues/482" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">https://github.com/internetarchive/openlibrary/issues/482</a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/internetarchive/openlibrary/issues/893" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">https://github.com/internetarchive/openlibrary/issues/893</a></li><li>Answering Salman&#39;s ONIX + openlibrary-client questions</li></ul></li><li>Mek <ul><li>Create issue to add docstrings for openlibrary-client</li><li><a href="https://github.com/internetarchive/openlibrary/issues/844" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">https://github.com/internetarchive/openlibrary/issues/844</a> -- Slow loading works (loanstatus) @mek</li></ul></li></ul><h3 id="wishes" tabindex="-1">Wishes <a class="header-anchor" href="#wishes" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Wishes&quot;">​</a></h3><ul><li>Salman <ul><li>Wants a wiki page for internationlization (how to contribute)</li></ul></li></ul><h2 id="_2018-03-13-community-call" tabindex="-1">2018-03-13 Community Call <a class="header-anchor" href="#_2018-03-13-community-call" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;2018-03-13 Community Call&quot;">​</a></h2><h3 id="attendees-6" tabindex="-1">Attendees <a class="header-anchor" href="#attendees-6" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Attendees&quot;">​</a></h3><ul><li>Mek(@mekarpeles)</li><li>Charles(@hornc)</li><li>Salman Shah(@salman-bhai)</li><li>Tom(@tfmorris)</li><li>Cdrini(@cdrini)</li></ul><h3 id="agenda-4" tabindex="-1">Agenda <a class="header-anchor" href="#agenda-4" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Agenda&quot;">​</a></h3><ul><li>Discussion regarding Issues to be prioritised and nominating Issues before the Stakeholders&#39; meet on Thursday (2018-03-15).</li></ul><h1 id="minutes-for-2017-1" tabindex="-1">Minutes for 2017 <a class="header-anchor" href="#minutes-for-2017-1" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Minutes for 2017&quot;">​</a></h1><h2 id="_2017-10-03-community-call" tabindex="-1">2017-10-03 Community Call <a class="header-anchor" href="#_2017-10-03-community-call" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;2017-10-03 Community Call&quot;">​</a></h2><h3 id="attendees-7" tabindex="-1">Attendees <a class="header-anchor" href="#attendees-7" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Attendees&quot;">​</a></h3><p>Charles, Drini, Mek</p><h2 id="_2017-09-26-community-call" tabindex="-1">2017-09-26 Community Call <a class="header-anchor" href="#_2017-09-26-community-call" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;2017-09-26 Community Call&quot;">​</a></h2><h3 id="agenda-5" tabindex="-1">Agenda <a class="header-anchor" href="#agenda-5" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Agenda&quot;">​</a></h3><ul><li>homepage carousels roll-out: <a href="https://dev.openlibrary.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">https://dev.openlibrary.org</a></li><li>olc (<code>openlibrary-client</code>) improvements</li><li>hackathon postmortem + progress w/ Long Now</li><li>Next steps for work/edition/author merges</li><li>Wikidata next steps</li><li>October 11 deadlines: enhanced book pages, likes v. ratings, lists</li><li>other?</li></ul><h2 id="_2017-09-12-community-call" tabindex="-1">2017-09-12 Community Call <a class="header-anchor" href="#_2017-09-12-community-call" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;2017-09-12 Community Call&quot;">​</a></h2><h3 id="attendees-8" tabindex="-1">Attendees: <a class="header-anchor" href="#attendees-8" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Attendees:&quot;">​</a></h3><ul><li>Mek</li><li>Charles</li></ul><h3 id="ideas" tabindex="-1">Ideas <a class="header-anchor" href="#ideas" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Ideas&quot;">​</a></h3><ul><li>Have a banner w/ button for volunteers + show jobs (e.g. in blue bar)</li><li>Have an endpoint for flagging/proposing merge of Work IDs and admin page to review (or for now, create spreadsheet)</li></ul><h3 id="todos" tabindex="-1">Todos <a class="header-anchor" href="#todos" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Todos&quot;">​</a></h3><ul><li>@mek: get @charles access to OJF server</li><li>@mek: create mailing list for OL and add link to Openlibrary website</li><li>@mek: create a spreadsheet for Alexis + drani&#39;s work merges +</li><li>[DONE] @mek: solr updater logs for @charles</li><li>@charles - organize metadata tasks</li></ul><ol><li>Trigger update of archive.org items from IA</li></ol><h2 id="_2017-08-29-community-call" tabindex="-1">2017-08-29 Community Call <a class="header-anchor" href="#_2017-08-29-community-call" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;2017-08-29 Community Call&quot;">​</a></h2><h3 id="attendees-9" tabindex="-1">Attendees: <a class="header-anchor" href="#attendees-9" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Attendees:&quot;">​</a></h3><ul><li>Justine De Caires @jdecked -- reactifying the open library experience on the refactor/beta branch -- exploring carousel designs -- confused widget (the call to action widget on editions and works pages) -- You can find design resources here! <a href="https://github.com/internetarchive/openlibrary/wiki/Design" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">https://github.com/internetarchive/openlibrary/wiki/Design</a></li><li>Charles Horn @charles -- Unorphaned 10,000 OL editions (attaching them to existing works). Work + Edition IDs still need to be imported into Archive.org. Maybe we can create an approved admin endpoint w/ baked-in s3 keys to update an edition&#39;s work/edition olid on Archive.org?</li><li>Mek @mek -- <code>feature/editions-works-availability-v2</code> - Working on availability v2 integration into work and editions -- <code>refactor/move-work-editions-standalone</code> - Proposal for new routing, moving editions table from works to its own page</li></ul><h2 id="_2017-05-16-community-call" tabindex="-1">2017-05-16 Community Call <a class="header-anchor" href="#_2017-05-16-community-call" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;2017-05-16 Community Call&quot;">​</a></h2><h3 id="charles" tabindex="-1">Charles <a class="header-anchor" href="#charles" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Charles&quot;">​</a></h3><ul><li>~15k Authors being merged from VIAF</li><li>Addressing unicode search problems, e.g. when search &gt; 500 characters</li><li>Unicode characters that require 2-characters linked is not rendering correctly (half characters)</li></ul><h3 id="neal" tabindex="-1">Neal <a class="header-anchor" href="#neal" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Neal&quot;">​</a></h3><ul><li>Searching wb for books</li></ul><h3 id="mek" tabindex="-1">Mek <a class="header-anchor" href="#mek" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Mek&quot;">​</a></h3><ul><li>debugging subject carousels performance issues</li><li>unifying work/edition</li></ul><h2 id="_2017-05-02-community-call" tabindex="-1">2017-05-02 Community Call <a class="header-anchor" href="#_2017-05-02-community-call" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;2017-05-02 Community Call&quot;">​</a></h2><h3 id="mek-1" tabindex="-1">mek <a class="header-anchor" href="#mek-1" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;mek&quot;">​</a></h3><ul><li>subject carousels</li><li>mobile header redesign</li></ul><h2 id="_2017-04-18-community-call" tabindex="-1">2017-04-18 Community Call <a class="header-anchor" href="#_2017-04-18-community-call" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;2017-04-18 Community Call&quot;">​</a></h2><h3 id="agenda-6" tabindex="-1">Agenda <a class="header-anchor" href="#agenda-6" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Agenda&quot;">​</a></h3><ul><li><em>Done</em> this week</li><li><em>Goals</em> this week</li></ul><h3 id="done-this-week" tabindex="-1">Done this week <a class="header-anchor" href="#done-this-week" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Done this week&quot;">​</a></h3><h3 id="mekarpeles" tabindex="-1">@mekarpeles <a class="header-anchor" href="#mekarpeles" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;@mekarpeles&quot;">​</a></h3><p>Done:</p><ul><li>ImportBot</li><li>Subject classification</li></ul><h3 id="hornc" tabindex="-1">@hornc <a class="header-anchor" href="#hornc" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;@hornc&quot;">​</a></h3><p>Done:</p><ul><li>merging 15,000 duplicate author records from VIAF import</li><li>re-enable author tests and account integration tests</li><li>removed a bunch of CDs</li></ul><p>Todo:</p><ul><li>Remove recaptcha for devs, admins, bots</li><li>Lists (any Work or Author on list shows no editions)</li><li>Delete function to openlibrary-client</li></ul><h3 id="david" tabindex="-1">David <a class="header-anchor" href="#david" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;David&quot;">​</a></h3><p>Todo:</p><ul><li>Separating api.openlibrary.org from openlibrary.org</li></ul><h2 id="_2017-04-11-community-call" tabindex="-1">2017-04-11 Community Call <a class="header-anchor" href="#_2017-04-11-community-call" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;2017-04-11 Community Call&quot;">​</a></h2><h3 id="agenda-7" tabindex="-1">Agenda <a class="header-anchor" href="#agenda-7" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Agenda&quot;">​</a></h3><ul><li>David working on metatools to parse MARCs on researcher2</li><li>Nicholas, Irene, Bernat, and Jean working on OL Redesign</li><li>Mek working on fixing Archive.org -&gt; Open Library import, speaking w/ Good Reads</li><li>Charles, updating Openlibrary-client and working w/ @mekarpeles on work merging</li></ul><h3 id="updates-1" tabindex="-1">Updates <a class="header-anchor" href="#updates-1" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Updates&quot;">​</a></h3><p>Open Syllabus Project - (subject) collection created of ~500 works which we have on OL!</p><h3 id="ideas-1" tabindex="-1">Ideas <a class="header-anchor" href="#ideas-1" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Ideas&quot;">​</a></h3><p>Adding &quot;likes&quot; to user lists</p><h2 id="_2017-04-04-community-call" tabindex="-1">2017-04-04 Community Call <a class="header-anchor" href="#_2017-04-04-community-call" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;2017-04-04 Community Call&quot;">​</a></h2><h3 id="agenda-8" tabindex="-1">Agenda <a class="header-anchor" href="#agenda-8" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Agenda&quot;">​</a></h3><ol><li>Review Roadmap</li><li>Updates &amp; Progress</li></ol><ul><li>VIAF, Wikidata, OLID (Done)</li><li>Fixing book importing (IA -&gt; OL)</li><li>Adding subject tags to works &amp; indexing in solr</li><li>Redesign content ideas</li><li>Merging works &amp; editions</li></ul><ol start="3"><li>Todo</li></ol><ul><li>Fixing List Works</li></ul><h3 id="charles-1" tabindex="-1">Charles <a class="header-anchor" href="#charles-1" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Charles&quot;">​</a></h3><p>Is there an authority for subjects (Library of Congress), LibraryThing. cc: @dvd</p><h3 id="nicholas" tabindex="-1">Nicholas <a class="header-anchor" href="#nicholas" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Nicholas&quot;">​</a></h3><p>Going to contribute to design doc</p><h3 id="mek-2" tabindex="-1">Mek <a class="header-anchor" href="#mek-2" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Mek&quot;">​</a></h3><p>Share design doc w/ #openlibrary-g and Nicholas How do we get subjects added to works and into solr?</p><h2 id="_2017-03-28-community-call" tabindex="-1">2017-03-28 Community Call <a class="header-anchor" href="#_2017-03-28-community-call" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;2017-03-28 Community Call&quot;">​</a></h2><h3 id="agenda-9" tabindex="-1">Agenda <a class="header-anchor" href="#agenda-9" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Agenda&quot;">​</a></h3><ul><li>Updates: What did we get done this week? What is currently in progress?</li><li>Blockers: What do we need the community&#39;s feedback on?</li><li>Meetings: What meetings need to occur?</li></ul><h3 id="attendees-10" tabindex="-1">Attendees <a class="header-anchor" href="#attendees-10" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Attendees&quot;">​</a></h3><p>Mek, Charles, Neal, Brenton, Bernat, David</p><h3 id="updates-2" tabindex="-1">Updates <a class="header-anchor" href="#updates-2" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Updates&quot;">​</a></h3><h3 id="charles-2" tabindex="-1">Charles <a class="header-anchor" href="#charles-2" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Charles&quot;">​</a></h3><p>Aggregating list of (unofficial) endpoints. Documenting merging strategy Question about bulk upload API? Does it exist?</p><h3 id="bernat" tabindex="-1">Bernat <a class="header-anchor" href="#bernat" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Bernat&quot;">​</a></h3><p>Welcome! Bernat is working on a mentorship mobile app. Suggests react + less, would like overview of feature/beta branch</p><h3 id="david-1" tabindex="-1">David <a class="header-anchor" href="#david-1" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;David&quot;">​</a></h3><p>Open Book genome project. Improving data we have: Using openlibrary-client tool, metatools, librarything</p><ul><li>Metadata format</li></ul><h3 id="neal-1" tabindex="-1">Neal <a class="header-anchor" href="#neal-1" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Neal&quot;">​</a></h3><p>Was originally downloading warc files -- give me all pdfs researcher vm w/ batch of pdfs on them</p><h3 id="brenton" tabindex="-1">Brenton <a class="header-anchor" href="#brenton" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Brenton&quot;">​</a></h3><h3 id="mek-3" tabindex="-1">Mek <a class="header-anchor" href="#mek-3" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Mek&quot;">​</a></h3><ul><li>Met with Jean Saung about service design (creating an ecosystem diagram for Open Library) <a href="https://docs.google.com/a/archive.org/document/d/1RUsUnIJM78gTr5ycewUJNwYHERBQdg_Tv-X-OZpwtRY/edit?usp=sharing" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">https://docs.google.com/a/archive.org/document/d/1RUsUnIJM78gTr5ycewUJNwYHERBQdg_Tv-X-OZpwtRY/edit?usp=sharing</a></li><li>(PR in progress) Added remote_ids: wikidata, VIAF, and librarything IDs to author edit page</li><li>Mek will write script to ingest 90k Author records and link them to wikidata + VIAF</li><li>Worked on experimental mobile design for OL + started an experimental front-end which uses existing APIs to create combined works &amp; editions page concept</li><li>Openlibrary-client -- created librarything API (xisbn) (tool for @dvd and @charles)</li></ul><h3 id="meetings" tabindex="-1">Meetings <a class="header-anchor" href="#meetings" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Meetings&quot;">​</a></h3><ul><li>Nicholas, Irene, Mek, Bernat, Jean, Brenton -- some subset of this group should meet or contribute to the ecosystem diagram (it would be great if Jean can describe the purpose of this doc; I&#39;ll do my best)</li></ul><h2 id="_2017-03-21-community-call" tabindex="-1">2017-03-21 Community Call <a class="header-anchor" href="#_2017-03-21-community-call" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;2017-03-21 Community Call&quot;">​</a></h2><h3 id="time" tabindex="-1">Time: <a class="header-anchor" href="#time" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Time:&quot;">​</a></h3><p>Tuesday, 10:30am PDT</p><h3 id="attendance" tabindex="-1">Attendance: <a class="header-anchor" href="#attendance" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Attendance:&quot;">​</a></h3><ul><li>brenton</li><li>skylerbunny</li><li>charles</li><li>nicholas</li><li>mek</li></ul><h3 id="updates-3" tabindex="-1">Updates <a class="header-anchor" href="#updates-3" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Updates&quot;">​</a></h3><p><strong>Charles</strong></p><ul><li>Has been using APIs to create bots to address data quality</li><li>Found a way to delete works (e.g. audio works which shouldn&#39;t exist on OL)</li><li>Question: Will deleting a work via API (w/ editions) will fail?</li><li>Detected bad Author merges</li><li>Recaptcha2; wants to allow people to more easily edit</li></ul><ol><li><a href="https://github.com/internetarchive/openlibrary/wiki/Endpoints" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">Endpoints</a> - contributing to document obscure endpoints (seeing which new APIs we need to build)</li><li>Administrative Document - documenting processes &amp; practices for merging works, etc.</li><li>Updating openlibrary-client</li><li>Cross-Linking Authors &amp; Works (VIAF, Wikidata, OL) w/ David</li></ol><p><strong>Skyler</strong></p><ul><li>Cares about the mission 1-web-page-per-book</li><li>Partner w/ Charles on discovering user issues and metadata opportunities</li></ul><p><strong>Mek</strong></p><ul><li>Completing rollout of repaired OPDS</li><li>Looking for designers to help w/ beta branch (separating FE and BE)</li></ul><h2 id="_2017-03-15-community-call" tabindex="-1">2017-03-15 Community Call <a class="header-anchor" href="#_2017-03-15-community-call" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;2017-03-15 Community Call&quot;">​</a></h2><h3 id="updates-4" tabindex="-1">Updates: <a class="header-anchor" href="#updates-4" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Updates:&quot;">​</a></h3><ol><li>Vagrant Fixes (auth)</li><li>Removed link to kindle download (broken)</li><li>Bots &amp; admin features</li><li>Metadata prep for @dvd</li><li>OPDS this week</li><li>TODO: fixing Lists (works shows 0 editions)</li></ol><h3 id="folks" tabindex="-1">Folks: <a class="header-anchor" href="#folks" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Folks:&quot;">​</a></h3><ul><li>Nicholas (ios, product; wants redesign)</li><li>Irene (product, business)</li><li>David (book metadata, search, systems)</li><li>Brenton, Mek (OL)</li></ul><h3 id="todos-opportunities-and-blockers" tabindex="-1">Todos, opportunities, and blockers: <a class="header-anchor" href="#todos-opportunities-and-blockers" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Todos, opportunities, and blockers:&quot;">​</a></h3><ol><li>Getting David access to MARCs, the metatools repo, and a very short overview of the tools / process</li><li>Getting @nicholaskinloch and @irenem access to data (happy to do an in person google analytics session, or see what we need to do in order to get the data y&#39;all need)</li><li>Following up with @charles about administrative metadata features (possibly updating openlibrary-client to have special functions for <code>bot</code> users, like work merge)</li><li>Following up with David re: List bug (Works show 0 editions)</li><li>Getting a design group together + making Open Library responsive</li><li>Entertaining the idea of letting users answer questions / customize their accounts (e.g. location, age, etc) to help with recommendations</li><li>Catching up w/ @skylerbunny to identify other problems/bugs of interest</li></ol><h2 id="_2017-03-08-community-call" tabindex="-1">2017-03-08 Community Call <a class="header-anchor" href="#_2017-03-08-community-call" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;2017-03-08 Community Call&quot;">​</a></h2><p>Attendees:</p><ul><li>@mek, @charles</li></ul><h3 id="blocking-problems" tabindex="-1">Blocking problems <a class="header-anchor" href="#blocking-problems" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Blocking problems&quot;">​</a></h3><p>@mek needs to fix vagrant researcher VM to work w/ updated auth; login w/ email</p><h3 id="discussing-q2-and-q3-roadmap" tabindex="-1">Discussing Q2 and Q3 Roadmap <a class="header-anchor" href="#discussing-q2-and-q3-roadmap" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Discussing Q2 and Q3 Roadmap&quot;">​</a></h3><p>See: <a href="https://github.com/internetarchive/openlibrary/wiki/Roadmap" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">https://github.com/internetarchive/openlibrary/wiki/Roadmap</a></p><p>Note:</p><ul><li>Charles needs a bot with admin access</li><li>Current git has to our openlibrary page (dev) -- what version are we running? (use git tag)</li><li>@skylerbunny&#39;s PR for prioritizing oclc &gt; isbn</li><li>David and charles access to VM for MARC record parsing cares about pre-1600 books</li></ul><h3 id="what-are-we-missing-from-being-a-good-authoritative-source-of-data" tabindex="-1">What are we missing from being a good authoritative source of data? <a class="header-anchor" href="#what-are-we-missing-from-being-a-good-authoritative-source-of-data" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;What are we missing from being a good authoritative source of data?&quot;">​</a></h3><ul><li>general librarianship (no standard) -- standard geographical location [early books, foreign language books] -- English is the language of metadata</li><li>supporting multiple languages (accurate records)</li><li>allow upload on Open Library?... (to archive.org)</li><li>ask partners for title page scans (from partners) + book covers</li><li>Wing numbers as an identifier</li><li>Grouping by publisher -- use subject &quot;publisher&quot;</li></ul><p>openlibrary-g works better than open library mailing list</p><h3 id="opportunities" tabindex="-1">Opportunities: <a class="header-anchor" href="#opportunities" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Opportunities:&quot;">​</a></h3><ul><li>Author merges</li></ul><p>Let&#39;s create a button for: [books I own | books I&#39;ve read | books I want] private lists which are private</p><p>Stack-overflow for Open Library Wikipedia - every page [Work] has a discussion section</p><h3 id="ideas-2" tabindex="-1">Ideas <a class="header-anchor" href="#ideas-2" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Ideas&quot;">​</a></h3><p>Subscribe to changes on pages A user chat page or messaging Badges and karma for librarians (discogs.com has this) [gameify]</p><ul><li>number of edits</li><li>works added</li><li>librarian badge</li><li>genre bags</li><li>how many books you&#39;ve read</li></ul><p>How do we surface the style guides for Open Library?</p><h3 id="standards-document" tabindex="-1">Standards document: <a class="header-anchor" href="#standards-document" aria-label="Permalink to &quot;Standards document:&quot;">​</a></h3><ul><li>auto validation on a title (warning of data is invalid)</li></ul><p>Like wikipedia, have a banner which shows which pages need flag desired data as missing -- request a change How can users request they want to know a field? !!!</p>',204)]))}const b=a(o,[["render",r]]);export{m as __pageData,b as default};
